Dare to pretend to be the eldest young master of Wanjia
I think you ate bear heart and leopard gall
What are you doing?
If I remember correctly
Are you from Sister Xiong?
How did you marry an impostor?
Say who is a counterfeit
Am I wrong?
The young master of the Wanjia is Wanjie
Do you think I'm blind?
And today's Wanshang Conference is his home court
I don't know Master Wan Tie
Did you tell me?
Obviously I am
I can't handle that much
I'll give you three seconds.
Disappear for me now
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
Mr. Wan is Lord Xiong's distinguished guest
My task now
It is the full authority to protect Mr. Wan's safety
If anyone wants to touch him
Step over me first
Mr. Nie, don't listen to their nonsense
They are a pair of dog men and women
And he is a wimp at the bottom of society
There is a shady personal relationship between them
Shut up because you speak
I heard what happened before
Master Xiong's business has grown
Don't take Jie Shao seriously
I don't know exactly.
But Wan Jie is not good for Mr. Wan
Master Xiong just asked me to come forward to protect him
That was all.
Master Xiong for a boy of unknown origin
Actually against Wanjia in Beijing
That's so bold
Who said his origin is unknown?